both 2015 we are from toshiba in
company of this tablet
maybe you think you always recognize it
done in one company still two by 10
inches that had been presented to fans
but in reality it is not so because of
this pen
a wacom film active pen that you
differentiates from the usual penalty as of
fact that it does not take the power for
electromagnetic induction from the screen
but it has a battery inside the
all right feet are supported
typical features of females
so let's talk not about an anchor 2 but of
one with two 10-inch rai is
an 8 version is also available
inches he shares with that 10
inches to most
features that while in this
case we have the one informed
higher with a resolution of 1280 x
800 pixels and an ips screen
let's see the design a bit
and the interface
the weight and dimensions are similar
I know that even windows 8.1 tablet
same format
we see that on the left side there is a
headphone and microphone jack full of
two speakers
to the memory card reader ever
presidi a door never between the cinema and
for put video a micro usb port
on the lower part there is nothing but
except for these holes for the hook of a
lace and above all in the corner
this hole that a lot function
interesting because it allows
hook the pen in such a way as to
always carry it with your tablet or not
lose it
on the right side there is only one other
of the two speakers
and then on the top we have the
power button the budget of the
bottom and the hardware button to return
at the start screen
let's see the information of
system
we have an intel atom procession to gods
trail z 37 and 35 a frequency of 1.33
ghz accompanied by 2 gigabytes
and from 32 gigabyte storage to the
solid state even if they are
configurations of 64 of 5 pieces
to favor the use of the pen then
toshiba has two applications
own the 1st m not an application
which allows you to take notes and hand
free
we can write
like any sheet of paper because
it is equipped with palm rejection
of the hand
the pen also has two buttons
function one of the two
serves to use it like a rubber
the second application instead of make-up
on our plan, because I don't have
organized the demo but serves to do
a photo of a document that comes later
acquired through a 10r software can
be edited as a document in
substantially word format
good for this preview with in pole 2
wright is all the latest notation for
regarding the price which is 349
euros for the 10-inch model